Secure workflow strategy for Azure CLI output configuration (#119)
Azure/cli: README.md

  1. If script sets up an environment variable, it will not take effect in host and hence subsequent actions shouldn't rely on such environment variable.
  2. There is some restriction on how cross action file read/write is done. GITHUB_WORKSPACE directory in host is mapped to working directory inside container. So, if the action wants to create a file, which will be read by subsequent actions, it should do so within current working directory tree.

> > **Warning**

Reviewer: It is interesting that GitHub-flavored markdown supports Warning:

> [!WARNING]  
> Critical content demanding immediate user attention due to potential risks.

According to https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925, it seems `[!WARNING]` is the recommended format. It is also aligned with our Microsoft docs repos: https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli/blob/b174d42930d6f69fd07dd589eaff4a545a57d316/docs-ref-conceptual/install-azure-cli-windows.md?plain=1#L29

```
> [!IMPORTANT]
> After the installation is complete, you will need to **close and reopen any active terminal window to use the Azure CLI**.
```

> > Without redirecting Azure CLI commands’ output, it will be printed to stdout stream and the build log. To prevent this, you may disable Azure CLI commands’ output by setting the environment variable `AZURE_CORE_OUTPUT` to `none`. If you need the output of a specific command, you can add argument `--output json` to restore its output. For more information about the configuration settings and output format of Azure CLI, see [CLI configuration values and environment variables](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/azure-cli-configuration#cli-configuration-values-and-environment-variables).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> By default, Azure CLI commands’ output, will be printed to the stdout stream will be stored int the build logs of the action. You may configure Azure CLI to not print any output by setting the environment variable `AZURE_CORE_OUTPUT` to `none`. If you need the output of a specific command, you can add argument `--output json` to restore its output. For more information about the configuration settings and output format of Azure CLI, see [CLI configuration values and environment variables](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/azure-cli-configuration#cli-configuration-values-and-environment-variables).

```
